Oh BAM what up bamboo where are you
going on run with really weighs Wow ways
well yeah I'm doing it what's up you
like Wiswell good morning guys good
morning she's like welcome to a vlog
with me and Ashley we got two cams going
today I'm gonna be doing some stuff
she's going to be doing some stuff are
you excited for our first two can vlog
to cam vlog what up guys were out here
with the wizzy boy she likes to slow us
down we going off we're out here I got
the Wiz Wow is a Rayleigh baby look at
this beauty back from our walk was while
eating she's hanging out all right yeah
she's so cute I am sweaty I'm not as
tired as I was that one day because I
didn't run this time I walked cuz I
thought really was sleeping so I wanted
to give him more time to fall asleep but
nope no look okay we're going to try
something are you ready are you ready
for this
how do you
this is a little test to see how good
they are on their feet catch that was a
bad throw take 20 take 30 the first
choice are you Lee just left it you're
littering I'm going to pick it up so
pretty what was with those caches are
you scared of the camera play nice you
know
Brittany what was your favorite part
about today's interview our deep
conversations about because you
actually talked and like we had a good
time yeah it was really cool all right
Tommy what was your favorite part what
we said off camera I felt like it was
like more personal got really real
I took off my glasses guys can you
believe it oh my god I'll with some
bitches today I hung out with a
beautiful girl today you hung out with a
little bitch no a little beauty a little
tiny tiny bits bits beauty didn't bits
they don't you know when you don't
remember when squiz val was a little bit
yeah now she's just a big bids she's
like a small bitch that's small yet yeah
she's small
how cute is this little monkey hi monkey
do you like your name what do you like
it in here it's yours this is your crib
do you like it do you like it yeah you
like it I need a monkey it's so cute i
love this little crib bumper that I got
do you love it yeah do you love it do
you love it do you love it does my
monkey girl love it so cute so cute she
is so cute Oh Garrett eating some food
and i'm hungry i'm always hungry though
but i need to figure out something to
eat which i eat monkey huh should i eat
this what do you think of this hi
beautiful hi beautiful my god it pulls
me away how beautiful she is hi Bailey
hi Manny hi really hi hi Oh crazy o
crazy crazy so cute oh are you trying to
talk yes say more thing hmm what should
i eat I don't know I basically have
macaroni salad grapefruit are you going
to the bathroom cuz I can smell it are
you talking baby Seymour Seymour what
you're saying hi really how are you are
you doing good today you want to vlog a
little here pretend this is your vlog
hand hey guys just hanging out I was
cute you are kicking like crazy look at
those legs kicking away I don't want to
turn it off cuz she's talking so much
can you say more I kind of wish I had a
giant chair like this that i could sit
any rock yes have you today uh
not really actually have you
not really either well we'll see how it
goes hey have you logged today she did
she did I made her go like this are
their hair to get a little buggy could
you did you are so good aren't you good
job for vlogging good job yeah Mickey I
have to start practicing these really
annoying noises because actually becomes
a toddler there's gonna be all sorts of
trinkets bells and whistles that is make
obnoxious sounding sounds you know the
only sound to me think is the leap frog
you know those like me you know what it
makes me think of what um Emilio Lopez
or whatever his name is no Emilio
something something something Lopez from
from mr. deeds I'm using the car was
like just like it oh my god your face
too I like how it's midnight it's Friday
night we're having a party in here with
our baby okay yeah can you keep it down
like we have the little one here what up
dude look Ned all right I'll be right
back i'm gonna get you food